Holy House
rm
squid
we were prepared
I was not knowing
the statistics
no one was around, he said.
this moment
according to himself
their number
in note to anatel the playing field
however the site forecast
he believed
/ p dir if it pops up
He arrived on the spot.
lacognata 2
independent
each one of them
on the question
I find it impossible
all of them
he has a lot of face
The path that you chose
not
without any news
cities that have
Did you go there?
António Braga
we can have
antónio capucho
more than ten years for everything to seem like a question
Yes of course
Yes, they did not like the name in any bank.
in the large area they have learned a little
to survive
with the other
there would be free until today